.TH TEMA.ANALYSATOR 1 local
.SH NAME
tema.analysator \- Analyses test models
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B tema.analysator
.B structure
.B [filenames]
.RB [ "options" ]
.SH DESCRIPTION
.I Tema.analysator
analyses test models, gives numerical information about their reachable 
portion and an estimate about the same information for their composition. 
All estimates are upper bounds. Tema.analysator tries to detect model format 
automatically from file extension. Exception is the extension .analysis, which
will be parsed as analysator printout.
.SH ARGUMENTS
.TP
.B structure=single|multi
.B single
assumes independent TEMA test models combined on a single target. May give 
incorrect results for multiple targets.
.B multi
assumes independent TEMA test models combined on any number of targets. Gives 
correct but possibly inaccurate results if an individual target has multiple 
models.
.TP
.B filenames
Filenames of modelcomponents. If no filename is given or filename is -, reads 
from standard input.
.SH OPTIONS
.B \-h, \--help
Show help message and exit
.TP
.B \-f FORMAT, \--format=FORMAT
Format of the model file. Examples of model formats are lstsmodel, mdmmodel 
and parallellstsmodel. Overrides automatic model format detection.
.SH EXAMPLES
.TP
.B tema.analysator multi rules1.parallellsts rules2.lsts
Tema.analysator analysis models rules1.parallellsts and rules2.lsts. Model 
types are automatically detected from file extension.
.TP
.B tema.analysator single -f parallellstsmodel < rules.ext
Tema.analysator reads model from  standard input. Model type parallellstsmodel
is given manually.
