.TH TEMA.MODEL2DOT 1 local
.SH NAME
tema.model2dot \- Convert TEMA models to graphviz models
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B tema.model2dot
[ filename ]
.RB [ "options" ]
.SH DESCRIPTION
.I Tema.model2dot
is used to convert TEMA models to graphviz models. Tema.model2dot tries to
format resulting dot-file so that graphs will be good looking
.SH ARGUMENTS
.TP
.B filename
Name of the model. If no filename is given or filename is -, reads from 
standard input.
.SH OPTIONS
.B \-h, \--help
Show help message and exit
.TP
.B \-f FORMAT, \--format=FORMAT
Format of the model file. Examples of model formats are lstsmodel, 
mdmmodel, tracelogmodel and parallellstsmodel. Overrides automatic model 
format detection.
.TP
.B \-o FILENAME, \--output=FILENAME
Specifies the output file. If no file is specified or filename is '-', model 
will be printed into standard output.
.TP
.B \--colored
Use colors
.TP
.B \--color-scheme=COLORSCHEME
Coloring to use. Format of scheme is
string 'default:COLOR,kw:COLOR,aw:COLOR,ts:COLOR,sv:COLOR', where COLOR is 
color code recognized by graphviz. 
.TP
.B \--no-action
Don't print actions as transition labels
.TP
.B \--no-stateprops
Don't print statepropositions as state labels
.TP
.B \--compact
Try to use default values that will result in compact looking model
.SH EXAMPLES
.TP
.B tema.model2dot example.lsts --colored | dot -Tsvg -o example.svg
Convert example.lsts to colored svg.
.TP
.B tema.model2dot --colored --compact --no-actions --no-stateprops rules.ext | sfdp -Tsvg -o rules.svg
Convert parallellstsmodel rules.ext to svg. Note that layout algorithm sfdp is
used instead of dot. 
.SH SEE ALSO
.IR tema.model2lsts (1),
.IR tema.mdm2svg (1),
.IR dot (1)
